Master Lin calms down
It's just a million contracts
Is there no need to go to so much trouble?
Tens of millions of facts.
The kid you are looking for not only has no strength but no background
Even the brain has problems
kid
I admire your courage.
But the premise is that you have to start from the perspective of strength
You mean I can't compare to this Wang Fan?
What do you think?
You are also worthy of being compared to Wang Shao
Wang Shao is a top billionaire with a net worth of hundreds of millions
And you have 10,000 dollars on you?
I'm afraid it's hard for a thousand dollars
Boy, if you are really good for the world
Then please leave this world.
Let him marry into the Wang family
Become the young grandmother of the Wang family
Instead of stalking like this
Destroy almost feelings
Master Lin is right
I think this kid just came in to make trouble
Hmph, look at him, he doesn't even deserve to carry shoes for Wang Shao
Wang Shao sent these congratulatory gifts today
Any one is enough for him to eat and drink for a lifetime
Hum third
Do you hear me?
This is the name
Only I can match poetry here
You are complete garbage.
You are too much
Poetry, although the words are a little unpleasant
But what I said is true.
Here I am afraid of being bored is the protagonist
People just want to use the Wang family
To solve your current economic crisis?
Boy, what are you trying to say?
I'm coming this time.
Is to help your neighbor
To get through your debt problems
Please see what I took first.
Then decide whether I can compare to this king